Helena：Don't you have to work today?
Noah：I asked for a day off.
Noah：This is PAFF's first performance after all; how could I miss it?
Noah：I'm the man that's going to be her no.1 fan.
Helena：Ewww... gross.
Helena：If her fans are like you, things are going to be troubling.
Helena：They may even harass the idol...
Helena：right, Aroma?
PAFF：Eh!? ... Ah, yeah...
Helena：What's the matter? Are you still nervous?
Noah：……。
Helena：Ah, it's from Chris.
[Chris]	：Hi~ Just calling in for a quick reminder. Practice starts at 10.
Helena：Got it. We are already on our way.
[Chris]：Is PAFF there?
Helena：She's right next to me. However, it seems like she's still a bit anxious...
[Chris]：Oh, I see. Can I talk to her for a bit?
Helena	：OK. Aroma, it's Chris.
Helena	：AROMA！！！